README.md, before:

# Exopie
bunch of scripts and macros to perform Exotica analysis using python 

## Installation 
cmsrel CMSSW_10_3_0
cd CMSSW_10_3_0/src
cmsenv
cd Exopie
git clone git@github.com:ramankhurana/ExoPie.git 
cd 

## Dependencies 
no CMS packages is used but cmsenv is good to get all the python libraries and tools, no extra package should be needed to run the setup. 

## Merging the input files
The script for merging is located in analysistools/mergetools 
It is better to merge the input files and use the chunksize of 100K to 150K (during the analysis) for better performances. 
The merging of the skimmed files can be done using: 

python merge_data_mc.py -i input/path/to/dir  -o output/path/to/dir -N Number_of_files_to_merge_in_one_file

by default it take all the files for a given sample in the directory structure provided and merge them into 1.  

## Run the t+DM analysis code (cross-check only) 
The analyzers files are located in analyzers/ and can be run using 
python tdmAnalyzer.py -i input_file -o output_file_name

if no outfile name is provided, default, out.root will be used. 

## Run the bb+MET analsis code,  developing, not yet on the git. 
python bbdmAnalyzer.py -i input_file -o output_file_name

##

Commit message:

added xsectools for cross-section and legend of the plots, can be extended to legend if needed.

README.md, after:

# Exopie
bunch of scripts and macros to perform Exotica analysis using python 

## Installation 
cmsrel CMSSW_10_3_0

cd CMSSW_10_3_0/src

cmsenv

cd Exopie

git clone git@github.com:ramankhurana/ExoPie.git 


## Dependencies 
no CMS packages is used but cmsenv is good to get all the python libraries and tools, no extra package should be needed to run the setup. 

## Merging the input files
The script for merging is located in analysistools/mergetools 
It is better to merge the input files and use the chunksize of 100K to 150K (during the analysis) for better performances. 
The merging of the skimmed files can be done using: 

python merge_data_mc.py -i input/path/to/dir  -o output/path/to/dir -N Number_of_files_to_merge_in_one_file

by default it take all the files for a given sample in the directory structure provided and merge them into 1.  


## cross-section tools 
Before running the analyzer, the events weight to be used by the analyzer has to be prepared, this is done using analysistools/xsectools
## cross-section and legend
xsWeightLibraryProducer.py will print all the information needed for weighting trees, while making the stack plots. Run it using:

*python xsWeightLibraryProducer.py*

The output can be directed to a text file which can then be used by the analyzer. 

## Run the t+DM analysis code (cross-check only) 
The analyzers files are located in analyzers/ and can be run using 
python tdmAnalyzer.py -i input_file -o output_file_name

if no outfile name is provided, default, out.root will be used. 

## Run the bb+MET analsis code,  developing, not yet on the git. 
python bbdmAnalyzer.py -i input_file -o output_file_name

##
